(ominous choir music)
[Radio Host] The
tournament has officially
entered its second day!
Today's competition
results determine
which God of High
School participant
will go on to represent
Seoul in the--
(dial clicks)
(ominous choir music)
It appears the time
is now at hand.
The key is out there.
We must find it if we
are to realize our wish.
All shall proceed
according to God's will.
May God be with us all.
[Bishops] May God
be with us all.
(energetic electronic music)
♪ You make it look easy ♪
♪ I'm thinking hard right now ♪
♪ 'Cause I know
that you want me ♪
♪ From the inside out ♪
♪ You got me speechless ♪
♪ Opening my mouth ♪
♪ I was keeping your secret ♪
♪ But the word got out ♪
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you cold, then
you're forward ♪
♪ You're luring me out now ♪
♪ 'Til your walls come down ♪
♪ Yes, then you're no ♪
♪ But I'm not letting go ♪
♪ I'll be your contradiction ♪
♪ Contradiction ♪
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you cold, then
you're forward ♪
♪ You're fast, then you're
slow, slow, slow, slow ♪
♪ Yes, then you're no ♪
♪ But I'm not letting go ♪
♪ I'll be your contradiction ♪
(ominous music)
Status.
Sir, Gamdo Go is
physically and mentally
drained from the match.
We've determined that further
participation is impossible
and eliminated him
from the tournament.
As for Manseok Kang ...
(Manseok breathing shakily)
Mon ...
Monster.
[P] Let's just say he
won't be fighting anymore.
Two fighters down for
the count already,
all because of him.
(Mori grunting)
Participant Mori Jin's
interference in the fight
clearly violated the rules.
Per tournament regulations,
he should be disqualified
for that act.
What do you think?
What?
Taejin Jin?
I see, so then he's ...
(Mori grunting)
[Announcer] And now, get ready!
It's time for Group
A's ninth match
in this preliminary tournament.
The participants: Mira
Yoo versus Miseon Ma!
It's the battle
between two beauties
everyone's got their eye on!
Now, I know beauty's in
the eye of the beholder,
but we've got serious
competition
in this rink tonight.
Show her what's what, Mira!
Just a friendly tip,
you should probably switch
to a different weapon.
Hate to break it to you,
but a wooden sword
won't work on me.
(Mira gasps)
[Announcer] Ready?
Go!
(Mira grunting)
(Miseon grunts)
Flying Body Crusher!
(impact rumbles)
[Announcer] Wow, these
attacks are unrelenting!
That's the Pan American pro
wrestling champion for you!
Huh?
[Announcer] The undefeated
Amazon Queen, Miseon Ma!
-(crowd cheering)
-(Miseon chuckles)
A pro wrestling champion?
Yeah, that's right.
I heard through the grapevine
that I could have
any wish I want
if I won this little tournament.
So I came all the way
from America for this,
and what I would
wish for when I win
would be all the best men.
Mysterious men.
Cool men.
Kind men.
(Mori growls suggestively)
Tough men.
I wanna build my very own harem
filled with every kind
of man under the sun!
And it's gonna be so cool.
(Miseon giggling)
Now then, here I come.
Moonlight Sword Style Number 11:
Windmill!
(Miseon grunts)
I told you hun, that dinky
sword won't work on me.
Pro wrestlers train their
bodies to the limit.
My body's even
tougher than iron.
(Miseon grunts)
And now for the finisher.
[Announcer] It's
Miseon's special move,
the Bloody Bomb!
(sword clatters)
Did that just decide the match?
[Crowd] Miseon Ma!
Miseon Ma!
Thank you all!
(Miseon giggles)
[Mira] You say you're tougher
than iron, that right?
That makes it interesting.
You want to keep going?
You don't even have a weapon.
Even without my sword, I
can still wield a blade.
(Miseon laughs)
Well, just try wielding
that against this weapon!
(Miseon gasps)
(Mira grunts)
[Miseon Voiceover] What?
Moonlight Sword Style Number 5:
Swordless!
(Mira grunts)
(Miseon gasps)
(Miseon cries out)
[Announcer] The
winner: Mira Yoo!
[Crowd] Mira Yoo!
Mira Yoo!
(Mori laughs)
She's like crazy strong!
(laughs) Hot damn, now I can't
wait to fight her myself!
Huh?
Sorry about the wait.
Your punishment has
been decided, Mori Jin.
If you can defeat this
man in hand to hand combat
you'll be reinstated
in the tournament.
Dammit, this sucks.
Why me?
Actually, I'd rather fight
blondie there than four eyes.
I won't fight
anyone but blondie!
I won't, I won't, I won't!
I want blondie, not four eyes!
Give me blondie, bro!
Blondie, blondie, blondie!
All right, listen kid.
Let's get one thing straight.
I happen to be way
stronger than he is.
Okay.
If we're gonna fight,
lose the specs.
I don't wanna put your eye out.
Huh?
(Q grunts)
(Mori cries out)
I wouldn't be a commissioner
if I was weaker than
the participants.
(Mori laughs)
Come on, do it again
green four eyes!
What?
Everything is already
in place for your match.
It happens tomorrow
and takes place there.
Hey, so what do you
think happened to Mori?
They did mention punishing him.
I hope he didn't
get disqualified
or something like that.
Come on, he's so damn
reckless and impulsive,
who the hell would be
dumb enough to butt in
on someone else's fight?
Also,
his strength was
nowhere close to normal.
Yeah, well, he's as simple
minded as he is strong.
Hey now, who you
calling simple minded?
(Mira gasps)
Where you just ...?
Yo, want some?
Mm-mm.
Come on, don't be shy.
I just got 'em for free.
[Mujin] These are for you.
Hm? Oh!
(bag rustling)
Fruit will help you
restore your energy.
Enjoy them, they'll help your
strength for tomorrow's match.
For real?
I can have these?
(laughs) Thanks, man!
So, yeah.
What match tomorrow?
Oh, tomorrow I'll be
fighting a commissioner.
They promised me if I win
they're gonna let me
back in the tournament.
Oh yeah?
Good for you.
Woo-hoo!
But, uh, aren't the
commissioners strong?
Oh, they're crazy strong.
Still, I'm totally
gonna kick his ass.
Chill Mr. Optimism.
This happened
because you jumped in
without thinking of
the consequences.
You were so reckless out there!
You should be more careful
this time around, okay?
You know, my family
has a saying.
-Hm?
-Huh?
"Do what you want."
(chuckles) That's what my
grandpa always told me.
Did you ...
Did you really break those out?
Even Elder Bongchim said
it was too soon for those.
That's why they were locked up.
If those are eaten
by an ordinary human
who knows what will happen.
(Mori humming)
Hm?
Looks tasty.
I did it to find out
whether he's actually
the real deal or not.
(Mori humming)
(Mori chokes)
(Mori wheezing)
(ominous music)
(electronic music)
(gentle music)
[Daewi] Hey, shouldn't
you be resting?
I'm feeling pretty
good this morning.
(Daewi chuckles)
Nice view from here.
How's the treatment going?
The doctors are trying
out new meds on me.
They said it should
be more effective
than the stuff I was on,
but of course that means
it also costs more.
My sister took another job,
and she was already
cutting back on her sleep
so she could work more.
(Seungtae sighs)
You took another
job too, didn't you?
One of the guys
from school told me.
Please Daewi, I'm begging you.
Come on, you dork.
It's not like I'm
working that hard,
so you can calm down.
Quit worrying so much and
just get better already.
By the way, I met this
weird guy recently.
In some ways he
reminds me of you.
What the hell, man?
So what exactly are
you trying to say,
that this guy's a
weirdo and so am I?
Uh-huh.
Hey!
(Seungtae grunting)
Don't go talking
about me like that!
(Daewi and Seungtae laughing)
(trash rustling)
Well, well, if it
isn't Daewi Han.
Never thought I'd see you
working in a place like this.
Know what we heard?
A little birdie told us Seungtae
is knocking on death's door.
Man, serves him right.
Yeah, to be honest, I
never really liked the guy.
Always acting like he thinks
he's some hero of justice.
Hey, what's with the
death glare big guy?
Oh, please, it's not
like you can do shit
without him to back you up.
-(punk grunts)
-(can clatters)
Sorry sir, I'll dispose
of this for you.
Not even gonna fight back, huh?
(punks laughing)
[Announcer] It's time
for Group A's 12th match
in this preliminary tournament.
This match features Daewi
Han versus Seungchul Baek.
(crowd cheering)
Karate, huh?
And pretty well
trained in it too.
Those conditioned knuckles.
I'm right, aren't I?
Don't be so surprised.
This book contains all
kinds of useful information.
Like how to beat you.
All set, fighters?
Ready?
Go!
(Daewi grunts)
Temple, left shoulder, feat!
You're done.
(Mori grunting)
(crowd cheering)
You can predict how
I'm gonna move, huh?
I studied all the karate attack
patterns three years ago.
It came in handy.
To become undefeatable,
one needs a mastery of both
violence and knowledge.
Or at least, that's the
hypothesis I came up with.
And I entered this tournament
simply as an experiment
to prove that my theory
on all this is correct.
You're pretty interesting,
you know that?
(Seungchul grunting)
[Q] This is
completely one sided.
Might as well call it now.
[O] No.
(Daewi grunts)
What was that,
some kind of fluke?
It's 'cause I've learned
your timing within my body.
What a hassle.
I better finish this now!
(Seungchul gasps)
Hey, are you all right?
Why did you ...?
What are you doing?
You slipped and fell.
What kind of guy would
attack someone right then?
That'd be cowardly.
(Seungchul chuckles)
(hand smacks)
You're an interesting
one, and so strange.
Fine, let's see just how far
you think you're gonna
get in this fight
with that mentality.
Here I come.
12 Spears!
(Daewi gasps)
(Mira gasps)
(Daewi cries out)
It's no use.
You've been stabbed in
12 places simultaneously.
The impact has traveled
beyond muscle and bone
all the way to your organs.
There's no way you
can possibly stand.
I win.
(Daewi groans)
(Seungtae retching)
Hey, don't you
ever want to quit?
The way I see it, all
of life's a battle.
If you wanna live, then
you gotta keep on fighting.
(Daewi groans)
I ...
(crowd gasps)
I can't afford to lose today.
Very well then.
Let's play.
Here then, have some!
72 Spears!
Secret Art: Form
of the Four Gods.
First stance: Black Tortoise.
(Daewi grunts)
(metal creaks)
Second stance:
(Daewi grunts)
Vermilion Bird!
(Seungchul grunts)
(Seungchul gasps)
Third stance:
(Seungchul grunts)
White Tiger!
(Mira gasps)
(blows smacking)
(Daewi grunts)
(Seungchul laughs)
(blows smacking)
How dare you shatter my theory,
my body, and my strategy?
Finally, fourth stance ...
Well, this is infuriating.
(Seungchul thuds)
[Announcer] Baek is down!
Winner: Daewi Han.
Hey, not bad.
He managed to cancel out
his opponent's attack
with that first move,
then he knocked him off
balance with the second,
and blew his defense
wide open with the third.
[O] After all
those hits he took,
his body has to be under
a lot of stress right now.
[Announcer] Ladies
and gentlemen,
this concludes all of
today's planned matches,
but now we'll see the
result of the verdict
handed down for Mori Jin,
who violated the
rules yesterday.
(creature roaring)
(Mori gasps)
Well, the start time for this
match has already passed.
In a surprising twist,
Mori Jin has yet to arrive.
Where could he be?
What is he doing?
So dumb.
Oh!
It appears Mori Jin
has finally arrived.
I'm curious what the holdup was.
(Mori panting)
(Mori grunts)
You know you're late.
Were you hiding in the
bathroom crapping your pants?
(Mori panting)
I will now explain the rules.
We will conduct this
as a handicap match.
If Mori Jin can knock the
commissioner down just once
he wins and is reinstated.
Are our competitors set?
Fighters ready?
Go!
Better lose these.
They could break.
(Q gasps)
Th-- ...
That concludes the match!
What the hell?
Were you just screwing
around with us?
Come on, be more serious
or we're going home!
Little shit bag!
(Mori grunts)
(Q grunts)
(crowd gasping)
[Mori Voiceover] I feel hot.
(Q laughs)
You finally pissed me off.
(Mira and Daewi gasp)
(high pitch beep)
GP 2500?
What the hell?
Wait a minute!
Hang on!
What's happening here?
I didn't sign up for this!
(Mori grunts)
(Mori screams)
Huh?
(Q growling)
That cost you three months' pay.
I think you know why.
But, three months' pay?
(Mori panting)
Mori Jin, you've
won your challenge.
(Mori sighs)
(laughs) Oh man,
I am so starving.
(Mori laughs)
[Mujin Voiceover]
There's no doubt.
He is definitely Taejin
Jin's so called "tiger cub."
We're never letting
him get away.
I want a banana.
(Mori snoring)
(mellow music)
♪ When we're together
we're stronger ♪
♪ Let's go all up high,
let's go discover ♪
♪ 'Cause we know we
are going to make it ♪
♪ Just believe we
can do this really ♪
♪ We're not alone
or even owned ♪
♪ So now we must
seize this moment ♪
♪ Never hide or never lose ♪
♪ Every time we're
right on target ♪
♪ So let's just keep going ♪
♪ 'Cause we're gonna
keep on winning ♪
♪ Sharing dreams, you and me ♪
♪ All the hopes that
we've been waiting ♪
♪ If you reach out,
I'll be there for you ♪
♪ There's nothing I
would not do for you ♪
♪ When troubles are coming ♪
♪ We'll fight them all
together not alone ♪
♪ All we do is just win ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la ♪
♪ 'Cause you know
that we'll win ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la ♪
♪ We lift us up high, we
help each other win it ♪
♪ All we do is just win ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la ♪
♪ 'Cause you know
that we'll win ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la la ♪